This is the top-level directory of the Contiki projects
repository. This directory contains a number of directories, which in
turn contain sub directories in which project files are kept. The
directory names in the top-level directory are formed from the DNS
domain name from where the project developers come from.

The Contiki projects repository builds on individual contributions,
and not institutional contributions, so the directory names should not
be taken as to indicate that the organizations that hold the domain
names are responsible for its contents. The use of domain names as
directory names are only to have a meaningful way to ensure uniqueness
of the directory names.

Each project sub directory contains a file called
PROJECT-INFO.TXT. This file has a defined structure that contains
information about the purpose of the project, the contact point for
the project, a URL to the project website (if any), the open source
license used by the project, what version of Contiki and what
platforms the project is known to work with, as well as a description
of the project. The PROJECT-INFO.TXT file is mandatory in all project
sub directories.

Note that the PROJECT-INFO.TXT file is not intended to hold the names
of the people that have contributed to the project, but only a single
name of the person who acts as the contact point for the project. To
give credit to project contributors, project sub directories may
contain a file called CONTRIBUTORS.TXT. This file is a free-form
structured file that may contain only the names of the people that
contributed to the projects, the names and their roles, a narrative
that tells the story of who wrote what, or just about anything that
suits the particular project.

For more information, go to the Contiki projects repository website:
https://sourceforge.net/projects/contikiprojects/

Specifically, visit the Contiki projects mailing lists:

For discussions:
https://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/contikiprojects-discuss

For announcements:
https://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/contikiprojects-announce

For automatic posts of code updates (high volume):
https://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/contikiprojects-commits
